### Background

The multiple of focus and time is the most valuable and needed resources in the age of the Internet, and quality content is a guarantee of internet traffic in the long run. The development of blockchain technology will revolutionize the copyright and the distribution of content, as well as the distribution of the profits for content creators. The more efficient and more reasonable relation of production in content-creating will push the fortune generated by human beings acquiring information to the next peak of the mountain. In the context of this historical shift, we have established decentchina, a community dedicated to perfecting the blockchain ecosystem of content-creating and taking over the highland of the marketplace of the future. 

### The committee of decentchina community

The decentchina community will uphold the spirit of blockchain, utilize the advantages of decentralized organizational structure (i.e., contributing to the community equals economical returns), and allow more capable units to unite with higher efficiency and motivation. Binding financial returns together is the most humane distribution system.

- Advisor of an EOS Block Producer (super-node)
- QuarkChain marketing advisor and private-sale investor
- Other ICO investors
- CTO of a public-listed company on A-share
- Content Creating Industry (Sponsors of Rap of China)
- ASIC/GPU miners (Inner Mongolia, Shandong and Xinjiang, China)
- Crypto quantitative hedge fund investors (working with other ICOS to provide liquidity)
- Senior media professionals (“coin media”)

### Contribution to the Decent community
- Running for nodes + tech support (mechanism of shares)
- Marketing promotion + community operation (cooperation with blockchain media)
- Quality content bringing on chain (online education, gaming companies, and more content creators/companies)

### Witness Server portfolio:

- Witness Node - VPS:
    - 16 GB RAM
    - 320 GB SSD
    - 8 CORES
- Backup Node - VPS:
    - 8GB RAM
    - 160 GB SSD
    - 4 CORES

### Distribution of dividends

30% of DCT mined will go into the pool of dividends which is delivered to our voters at the end of each month.

Votes will not be counted after they are withdrawn; thus, there will be no dividends for the votes withdrawn.

#### We are building a more DECENT world, and we are building a more DECENT future. 

Let us vote for decentchina！

#### Thank you for trusting decentchina. See you on the chain!
